V0.17.0 deprecations (#1522)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

  
<h3>Breaking changes</h3>

> * Deprecated the tape methods `get_resources` and `get_depth` as they are
>   superseded by the `specs` tape attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the deprecated tape methods `get_resources` and `get_depth` as they are
  superseded by the `specs` tape attribute.
```

Reviewer: I think it is better to be explicit and say we have fully removed them. Deprecating implies it is still there, just marked for removal later :)

  [(#1522)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1522)

> * Fully deprecated specifying `shots=None` with `qml.sample` by raising an
>   error in `QubitDevice`.
>   [(#1522)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1522)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specifying `shots=None` with `qml.sample` was previously deprecated.
  From this release onwards, setting `shots=None` when sampling will
  raise an error.
  [(#1522)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1522)
```
